and-down-we-go:
My Mom just accidentally prematurely sent an email to an accounting firm… It was supposed to say ‘I am afraid that we will have to postpone our meeting”
but she hit send when all it said was
Hi Jeffrey,
I am afraid 

lucifers-timelords:
one time in math class my teacher was really pissed at us and he was yelling “DO YOU EVEN KNOW BASIC MATH? DO YOU KNOW ADDITION? WHAT’S TWO PLUS TWO? COREY, 
WHAT’S TWO PLUS TWO?” and poor corey wasn’t paying attention so i leaned over to him and whispered “seven” and he blurted out “SEVEN” and i have never laughed harder and i doubt i ever will 

envyadams:
today at work I let someone into a dressing room and they said “thanks” and half of me tried to say “you’re welcome” and the other half tried to say “no problem” and i ended up saying “your problem”

stevenfresco/61below:
sorry i have bubonic plague i can’t hang out tonight
aw rats

a-fragile-sort-of-anarchy:
My boss, who is a grown woman with children my age, just whispered, “Oh this is going to be so efficient,” before spraying Febreze directly into the ceiling fan and proceeding to cough her guts out when it blew back in her face. 

terminallycheesy:
I bet at the abc family headquarters just has a big red button on a wall labeled “harry potter marathon” in big letters

leeeeverett:
Today these two kids in my math class were hitting each other with pencils and my teacher glared at them and said “could you try to be a little more mature?”
one of them screamed “TAXES” and punched the other kid in the face 

svvords/marinea-peixes/hipster-trichster:
why are shorts called shorts but pants arent called longs
she wears short shorts I wear long longs
she’s cheer cheerer and i’m on the sits sits

Septemberfirst1989:
car commercials: Smooth. *over footage of it driving on a mountain road* Luxurious. Powerful. Godlike. This Car Is The Secret To Your Happiness. Buy It And Transcend Human Emotion
jewel commercials: WOW! REAL PRIME 45-CARAT STERLING SILVER WITH PEARLS FORGED IN ATLANTIS! CALL NOW TO BUY IT FOR OOOOONLY $100!!! HALF OFF!!!!!!! LIMITED EDITION!!!!!!!!!!!! INSTANT CLASS FOR CHEAP CHEAP PRICES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
water park commercials: Come for a weekend of family enjoyment! :) Splash! Bash! Laugh! :)) Teens and adults alike agree that this park is fun for all ages! *wolf noise* You’ll come visit! You’ll come visit! You’ll come visit!
restaurant commercials: Its Back

earthnation:
what did one cell say to his sister cell that stepped on his toe
mitosis

burplesnurf2:
the cha cha slide in full metal armor
“sliiide o the left”
*indescribably loud screeching of metal against asphalt*
“one hop this time”
**clonk
“two hops this time”
*clonk clonk*
“everybody clap your hands!”
*clankclankclankclankclank*

history-jokes:
ah yes, the Trojan horse, or, as I like to call it
murderous pinata

just-shower-thoughts/janothar:
Next time a conspiracy theorist tries to tell you ‘what really happened’, present a more outlandish theory and accuse them of covering up the truth. 
Conspiracy Theorist: “The moon landing was faked!”
Me: “Pfft, you believe in the moon?”

just-shower-thoughts:
The five most reassuring words ever are: “I haven’t started yet either”

edenidoigo:
One time during class my drama/english teacher, who’s a devout vegan and all about not killing animals, accidentally stepped on a ladybug. He froze up and slowly cradles it in his hand and he was so heartbroken and started quoting Hamlet. 
I didn’t have the heart to tell him that it was a red m&m. 

kurlyfryz:
Power move: Next time you go to the airport, bring a bottle of shampoo, but it’s filled with yogurt. When they tell you that liquids aren’t allowed
Drink it

ladybubblegum:
I don’t know what made me want to google “does santa claus have a pilot’s license” but I’m really glad i did because apparently he received one from the US assistant secretary of commerce, with the director of aeronautics as a witness, in 1927

ace-aro-fandroit:
So we got an Amazon Echo and we changed the wake word to “Computer” and now I feel like I’m on the Enterprise all the time. Additionally, whenever I watch Star Trek, she only responds to “computer” when Data says it and it’s kind of adorable. 
Not Picard, not La Forge, not Troi, not Dr. Crusher, not Riker, Not anyone but Data. The other night Data asked his Computer what the time was and my computer told him it was 10:27. Watching Star Trek is even more fun now. 

@Ahhmandah:
It was 1997 i was outside McDonald’s on Queen St age 15, an old lady barked “speak English” at a pair of young 
Korean men and without missing a beat one of them goes “OOooo i want a nice cup of TEA look at ME I’m ENGLISH i want to eat PLAIN TOAST” i miss him every single day 

skinks:
The penalty box in hockey is such a funny concept to me. Big fighty men go in the naughty cube. Imprisoned for sports crimes

@bobvulfov:
(to my date after each preview at a movie) the actual film will be much longer than that

@squirrel74wkgn:
Congratulations on becoming a contestant on the Price is Right. Please, put on this clothing from 1979 and follow me.

@Bimsley_Police:
[inside washing machine]
duvet cover: climb in my brothers
every single piece of clothing: we shall build a new life in the big sock

@bocxtop:
back in 2014, Happy by Pharrell spent 10 weeks at number one. could u imagine if he dropped that song now?? He would get 3 streams and a cease and desist letter from society

@notThreat3x:
stop asking me how i've been i literally have no idea

@almatademafan:
plants rlly b like ‘I do not vibe with this dirt’ and die

@notviking:
i’m gonna be honest with y’all i am NOT feeling fly like a g6

@byshefon:
my son from his room : THEY IN HERE TALKING ABOUT VIRTUAL FIELD TRIPS

@rafia_afzal_:
messaged a girl “i like ur photo wall!” in zoom class and she turned off her camera

@BobTheSuit:
The year is 2087. We finally have flying cars. Grey’s Anatomy has been on for 82 years.

@withanewname:
[Sonic]
Me: … and 17 orders of tater…
Voice from the speaker: Sir, again…that’s not how toys for tots works.

@RickAaron:
So disappointed that they canceled the New York City Marathon. This was going to be the year I lied about running it.

@RodLacroix:
I know “hate” is a strong word but there’s really no other way to describe my feelings for people getting cars for Christmas in tv commercials

@Chhapiness:
20s: There are three people? I’m not going to the party
40s: There are three people!! I’m not going to the party

@aotakeo:
[homeschooling]
ME: what is 345 minus 127?
DAUGHTER: 218
ME: *filling out tax form* thanks

@ronnui_:
Yes I am sort of famous you may recognize me from being invited to say the pledge of allegiance over the school speakers in third grade

@OwensDamien:
I’ve started thinking in CNN. ‘Am I going to have a cup of coffee? Looking at historical trends, you would say yes. But! I am very comfortable. Maybe someone else will get me one. Maybe I’ll fall asleep. We’ll know more an hour from now. Back to you, Wolf.’

@LittleMissAngr1:
Thinking about the time I got paired for a project with the dude who sat beside me in history class and I couldn’t remember his name so I thought I’d be sneaky and ask him how he spelled his name instead of asking what it was and he looked me dead in the eyes and said B-E-N

@ServiceTech_:
You gotta love a man with a dog’s name and a dog with a man’s name.
“Hi, I’m Cody and this is my dog Steve.”

@SortaBad:
1. Wear a black shirt
2. Roll around on my floor near my couch.
3. Admire your ‘Everything Bagel’ costume

@2tickytacky:
One of those paper wedges stuck to the cheese on my pizza. I have to figure out how much cheese I’m willing to lose versus how much paper I’m willing to eat.

@roxiqt:
Establish dominance on Halloween by eating your neighbor’s jack-o-lanterns.


